Kostadis Roussos: Just look at the transcript.
Kostadis Roussos: You said, begin with.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. In the aftermath, the party searched the warlocks' charred remains and uncovered a trove of damning evidence.
Kostadis Roussos: A wax-sealed ledger bore the crest of a crimson ship, a bill of sale from Captain Vesarek of the Crimson Traitor, detailing the purchase of the Chimera by the Fire Temple. More revealing steel, the name Belsornig appeared in the document, an ally of the Water Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Suggesting that the Waters Temple's profits had orchestrated the entire affair as a calculated win-win, either eliminating the party or bankrupt the Fire Temple in the process.
Kostadis Roussos: The warlock also carried a heavy gold amulet bearing the eight-pointed symbol of the Fire Temple, a potion of fire resistance he had never managed to reach for, a masterwork, a whip of alchemically treated leather, and a heavy iron chain stamped with a mask.
Kostadis Roussos: of Knobbs River Pirates.
Kostadis Roussos: The party brought their findings to ROMAG, etc. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: When Xenia pressed harsh on his feelings about Romag's passive erosion-like philosophy of leadership, Harp made it clear to hide his ambition. If a position of leadership were to suddenly open itself, he would absolutely consider himself worthy.
Kostadis Roussos: The party recognized the single for what it was. Harch wanted Romag removed, and he wanted them to do it. A bold and dangerous plan crystallized. Assassinate Romag, install Harch as the Earth Temple's new leader, and engineer a three-way war between the Earth, Fire, and Water Temples to destroy all three factions from within.
Kostadis Roussos: They quietly agreed that the time for subtlety was nearly over, but not quite yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Rather than alerting Harch to their intentions, the party closed to execute a surgical coup without his foreknowledge, planning to present him with power as a fait accompli.
Kostadis Roussos: They enlisted Dren, the leader of the Crimson Guards, to arrange a morning meeting with Romag, ensuring the High Priest would be present and off guard. Dren, visibly impressed by the party's victory over the Chimera, agreed without hesitation, and returned with confirmation that Romag was looking forward to the meeting.
Kostadis Roussos: The party slipped through a secret passage into the earth temple's inner sanctum, emerging into Romag's sleeping chamber, a room decorated with earthen motifs, its floor covered in dirt, a small altar in the corner, and dust scattered with personal notes. Sequoia crept behind a curtain, separating the chamber from the adjoining room, where he could hear a Romag lecturing heart.
Kostadis Roussos: On the slow, erosive power of dust.
Kostadis Roussos: While Harch barely concealed his disdain behind carefully chosen words of agreement, Sakai also noticed with some urgency that the door to the south stood open. If RogMag cried out, guards would come flooding in, and the entire operation would unravel.
Kostadis Roussos: The party moved swiftly. Zephter invoked a subtle but powerful magic, causing the doors of…
Kostadis Roussos: Romag's chamber to slam shut with a resonant bang, sealing the chamber from the outside world. Harch instantly understood what was happening, placed his weapons on the ground, and stepped aside. Romag turned his face, shifting from confusion to horror. Azini rushed him with a flurry of precise, devastating strikes.
Kostadis Roussos: Followed by Sequoia landing blow after blow on the stunned priest. Colmarin nearly invoked the name of his holy patron before catching himself in the most spectacularly ill-timed moment imaginable.
Kostadis Roussos: Instead, channeled a wave of necrotic power that caused Romag to wither and collapse dead upon the floor. Harch did not hesitate. He plunged his hands into Romag's blood, covered them in blood, and marched into the main chamber of the Earth Temple, holding Romag's sacred bezments aloft. He declared himself supreme prophet, announcing that the era of passive resignation was over, and that the destructive power of Earth would now be unleashed upon their enemies.
Kostadis Roussos: The Gather Cultist erupted in cheers, and Harch introduced the party to his troops as the Obsidian Edge, his personal vanguard, the sharpest stone in the deep earth, cutting through fire and water from the shadows before anyone felt the quake.
Kostadis Roussos: You guys remember that? Obsidian Edge.
Kostadis Roussos: When Harch rallying his forces, the party slipped away to set the second part of their plan in motion. They descended to the second level of the dungeon, passing through a magically lit corridor pulsing with green and red light, its massive doors covered in leering faces and horrible scenes.
Kostadis Roussos: At the entrance of the Fire Temple, Zephyr slipped a note under the door, claiming to have information about betrayal.
Kostadis Roussos: When Alrim's voice finally came through the door, the party expressed admiration for the power he unleashed, and revealed the truth. Belsornig of the Water Temple had orchestrated the Chimera incident, using the Fire Temple as a pawn to eliminate the party or drain Alrym's resources.
Kostadis Roussos: The silence that followed was brief, then Alrym's enraged voice screamed Belsornig's name and orders his troops to attack the water temple immediately.
Kostadis Roussos: The fire he vanished before the Fire Temple doors could open and made their way back to Harch, who was deep in ritual and speechifying, summoning earth elementals and whipping his cultists into a frenzy.
Kostadis Roussos: They were welcomed back as heroes, publicly hailed as the obsidian Edge before the assembled army. When the party informed Harch that the Fire Temple was now fully distracted by its assault on the Water Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Harch erupted with triumphant fury and ordered a full-scale assault.
Kostadis Roussos: The war had begun. As Hart's fortresses searched forward, the party followed just enough to maintain appearances before peeling away. They encountered Dren preparing his men for battle, and after a brief exchange, sent them and his crimson guards into the fray. But the advance stalled quickly. A lieutenant reported that the Fire Temple debuggers had dragged heavy wooden pews and stone rubble across the stairway to the second level, creating a makeshift barricade that was
Kostadis Roussos: bottlenecking the entire temple assault. Harch turned to the Byzidian Age and asked them to do what his army could not.
Kostadis Roussos: The party chose to bypass the barricade entirely by cutting through the Air Temple, a section of the dungeon that was eerily, unsettlingly quiet. They knew a wraith hanted its halls. Sure enough, the Spectral Guardian began drifting toward them as they moved through the dim corridors.
Kostadis Roussos: Rather than engage it, the party ran, and the wraith, seemingly satisfied once they fled its domain, turned back into the darkness, calmer, scratching, catching his breath, noted with grim amusement that the Air Temple's leader, Kelna, was so ignorant he apparently believed the Wraith to be an air elemental.
Kostadis Roussos: A fitting symbol of the faction's irrelevance.
Kostadis Roussos: Emerging into the second later, the party found a chaotic battlefield flooded with water and choked with zones of scounding steam, where Fire and Temple forces were already tearing into each other. Dead bodies from both factions littered the ground. Through the haze, they could see the Fire Temple bugbeers holding the barricade against the Earth Temple's stalled advance.
Kostadis Roussos: The party prepared to strike, coordinating their assault to hit the bug bears from behind and break the stalemate. Xenia moved first, rushing the lead Fire Temple warrior through the mist with a pair of precise dagger strikes, and the battle for the second level had begun in earnest.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just get this,
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys, bring up your Roll20?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, it was Zephyr who attacked first. Zephyr. Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Remember, this is… this is a scalding steam.
Kostadis Roussos: So, two things. You can use it for cover.
Kostadis Roussos: If you go there, you're going to be impacted. If you're… if more than 50% of your character is impacted by it, so here you're…
Nicholas Roussos: I am not more than 50%.
Kostadis Roussos: and the GM. I'm declaring that's 50%. Here is not 50%. You can also shoot from over here.
Kostadis Roussos: With your bow?
Kostadis Roussos: So, it's up to you.
Nicholas Roussos: I get,
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'll be there, it's just…
Nicholas Roussos: Actually, no, I'll be here and just attack with my boat.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Nicholas Roussos: Heh?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what did you roll?
Nicholas Roussos: 21 to hit, and…
Kostadis Roussos: 19 points of damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, you're up.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, you're on mute, I can't hear you.
george: I'm on mute.
george: Do you hear?
Kostadis Roussos: Say something? Yeah, I can hear you now, yeah.
george: I can't really see on Rule 20.
Kostadis Roussos: You can't.
george: No, no, no. It's, like, white. The screen's white.
Kostadis Roussos: Hit reload.
george: Yeah, I'm removing… I'm just gonna close it and open it again.
george: But what is in phones?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, I can just show you. I can just show you the screen.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. You see yourself?
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: This is, the steam, this is the steam, this is the steam.
Kostadis Roussos: Over here is the Air Temple, as you can see, right?
Kostadis Roussos: And here's the door that you guys have to… here's the door that's barricaded by the bug beers.
george: I'll talk… The, the, the wind front.
Kostadis Roussos: So there's a… there's an evil cultist, and then there's 4 bugbeers.
george: Attacked cultist.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: They're gonna run and slap?
george: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
george: What's your Herma class?
Kostadis Roussos: Hit the, 13.
george: I do… We need 3 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: You killed him. The cultist dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
george: Okay, I guess you know, 20.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay? Okay.
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, that's your first attack, right?
george: No, that's made both my attacks good.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. Do you want to stay there, or do you want to just… do you want to stay there, or do you want to just…
george: I'll go behind the steam.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Do you have the ability to disengage, or…
george: Actions and comeback, I have disengaged.
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, do you have, like, a bonus action disengage, or the ability to move?
george: I'll do… Can I do Bones? Action?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah?
george: And then, I have two… two attacks. Could one be 1 attack, one go backwards, or no?
Kostadis Roussos: No, it's only… you can only do, so, let me just see what… let me just see what your characters can do, because, like, you've got a whole bunch of special abilities.
Kostadis Roussos: Where is it?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, oh, right.
Kostadis Roussos: Did you guys all rate… you guys are all 6th level, right?
george: Yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, actions… Features and traits, alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You can expend a bonus action, you can expend a…
Kostadis Roussos: a CHI point to do… to do disengage. Otherwise, you can't.
george: Okay, I think I'll just stay there.
Kostadis Roussos: You'll stay there? Alright.
george: Reactions, believe it.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so now the bugbearers. Okay, what do the bugbearers do?
Kostadis Roussos: Ours, too.
Kostadis Roussos: That's why we have it done.
Kostadis Roussos: Correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, alright. Well, this bug beer is gonna attack Xenia, this Bugbeer here is gonna attack Xenia, so let's just make it a number 1.
Kostadis Roussos: One.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, this bugbearer attacks Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: It's only taxa for…
Kostadis Roussos: Action ZATXM4…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right. He attacks you with his,
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. That's a critical… And so… That's critical.
Kostadis Roussos: Printage.
Kostadis Roussos: Ouch. Did 25 points of damage.
Nicholas Roussos: To who?
Nicholas Roussos: Zephyr?
Kostadis Roussos: Tasinha.
Nicholas Roussos: Then, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the second bug beer…
Kostadis Roussos: Tax… Xenia?
Kostadis Roussos: And… Ouch. He also attacked. I don't know, they rolled high this time.
Kostadis Roussos: But only does 4 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh my god.
Kostadis Roussos: Tu ipsus que tuvathos.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: The other bugbearer.
Kostadis Roussos: Runs… This way… to attack Sequoia.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he attacks, what is he rolling?
Kostadis Roussos: How does he, how does he attack Sequoia? Right, he attacks with his mace.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… So he attacks with his Morningstar.
Kostadis Roussos: And misses completely.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: And then the last bug beer… Hmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Goes over here to attack Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: Does 9 points of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: calmer… Notices the door is open.
Kostadis Roussos: That he can open the door now, because they've left the door open. Does he have movement?
Kostadis Roussos: he shouts, should I heal someone, or will somebody try to go open the door? Now, the two bugbears have left it… left… the door is… it's a double door, right?
Kostadis Roussos: So, one of you could try to open the door, Calmer can, shout.
Kostadis Roussos: come and open the door to your allies on the other side, what would you like him to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait.
Thomas Kolivakis: Palmer?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Right, so… Palm token.
Kostadis Roussos: film to open?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Kostadis Roussos: Can't, unfortunately, reach there.
Kostadis Roussos: My comma runs there, so that's not 50%.
Kostadis Roussos: And so what does he do?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: He can't reach the door, but he has a better plan.
Kostadis Roussos: He smashes the door open with the spell of Guiding Bolt from over here.
Kostadis Roussos: The door smashes open, so let me just make sure we make that… So I'm going to…
Kostadis Roussos: Right, fine.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, it's not drawing there. Oh, there it is. Okay, the door is open now.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, the door's open.
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oops.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: I have to reload, apparently. Roll20 decided to get very confused this morning.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that for Europe?
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, the door is open.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the door is open. Right, which means that these guys can charge in, so let's put these guys… let's add their initiative as well.
Kostadis Roussos: Dot… I know, Earth, and I'm like, these are Earth, right? So… These are earth bug beers.
Kostadis Roussos: So let's make sure we have them… Ruth.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, that's only $135 million.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So they also attack at the same time as all the other bugbars attack. Alright, Zephyr, you're up.
Thomas Kolivakis: Do these two bug bears just give up, or do they…
Thomas Kolivakis: Or are they still a toddler?
Kostadis Roussos: they're caught between you, And the other guys?
Kostadis Roussos: They'll probably try to run.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, stop.
Kostadis Roussos: Also, remember Evil Cult?
Thomas Kolivakis: You're evil god.
Kostadis Roussos: Evil cult, you know, evil cult, you know, committed to the… People don't… evil cultists…
Kostadis Roussos: trope, don't con… don't suddenly discover death side conversions. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: So I should kill them, though.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah. That's what I'm trying to say.
Thomas Kolivakis: I will tag the one in front of me.
Kostadis Roussos: Plus, plus, you don't want your allies who can see you to know that you didn't.
Thomas Kolivakis: Do I get sneaker duck?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, because, Xenia's right next to him.
Thomas Kolivakis: What's his AC?
Kostadis Roussos: His AC… is… what is the rate seeing?
Kostadis Roussos: Guys… Roland sent you back.
Kostadis Roussos: Here's a CA16.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, I make good… Oh, they changed the dice.
Kostadis Roussos: They did?
Thomas Kolivakis: Like, when you roll it.
Thomas Kolivakis: 20 damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: My second attack… I miss.
Kostadis Roussos: You did how much damage?
Thomas Kolivakis: 20?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's down to 7 hit points.
Thomas Kolivakis: On my third attack?
Thomas Kolivakis: I don't miss, and I do.
Thomas Kolivakis: 9 damage, 29 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you killed him.
Kostadis Roussos: 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, okay, Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: There's one right next to you, just keep.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, yeah, I see it, I see it, I'll talk it.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, how about this? Calmer would move… will move here, so you have sneak attack bonus.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, say God.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, no, Calmer would have done that. I just… I was… too many things going on in my head.
Nicholas Roussos: 12 points of damage?
Kostadis Roussos: 12.5… Damage.
Nicholas Roussos: Hit.
Nicholas Roussos: That is the wrong thing.
Nicholas Roussos: That's not… that's, 6 points of damage, just rolled my sneak attack again.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so 6 plus what? 12?
Nicholas Roussos: Plus another one. 15?
Kostadis Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: That's a hit.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so how much damages was it totaled?
Nicholas Roussos: Oh my god, okay, sorry, it keeps rolling my sneak attack, so I'll just roll 2D6s.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, just… no, it's got the… you can just look… look, Nick.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, I can't?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, if you go into Rule 20, right, where it says.
Nicholas Roussos: Sure, sure, sure.
Kostadis Roussos: You can just look at… you don't actually have to roll for damages. You see where it says Sneak Attack? You can click… like, when you roll to hit.
Kostadis Roussos: You could just roll to hit, and then go to roll 20 to click the roll damages.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep, yep, I see it.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: That's also true for the rest of you guys. If you set up D&D, beyond 20.
Nicholas Roussos: 6, 12…
Kostadis Roussos: It'll.
Nicholas Roussos: 42 damage in total.
Kostadis Roussos: What? How much?
Nicholas Roussos: 32.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Nicholas Roussos: It ain't… oh, it is dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia… Xenia, Europe.
george: That's good.
Kostadis Roussos: Number 1 is the one that did 25 points of damage to you.
george: I'll take him.
Kostadis Roussos: I was like, I'm… I…
george: What's his armor class?
Kostadis Roussos: By the way, you guys did your mission, so you don't literally have to fight here anymore. You can go away. Your goal was to free up the barricade, you've done that.
george: It's great.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to stay here, or do you want to, like, skedaddle?
Nicholas Roussos: They're almost dead.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, but there's gonna be another big fight here. Do you want to keep being in the big fight, or do you guys want to be the obsidian edge, sneaking around doing your clever things?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
george: That's true.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Plus, you know, as you look around, roll an insight or investigation.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, one sec, I have a good investigation.
Nicholas Roussos: Err…
george: Ev… 24.
Kostadis Roussos: You roll the 20… okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so between you and George, between you and Xenia, you realize that the reason there's these scalding pools of water is because the Earth and Fire Temples have been casting elemental fire spells, and the last place you want to be is here, when the Earth Temple sort of charges in.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Like, you realize that these pools of water and scalding seem more magical in nature. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, we out.
Kostadis Roussos: You out? Okay, so Corey, you're gonna run out? Is that what I'm hearing?
george: Dead.
Nicholas Roussos: Or we are all together going to go.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, calm… okay, I'm just saying, I just, I'm asking because you were the first one, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zephyr, I presume you would also do the same?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I'd leave right now, because I don't want to be in the middle of this war.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, I'm presuming you're gonna run as well?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna take a disengage action, or are you gonna just, are you gonna use a chi point and an action?
george: I've had tucked yet, so I could just…
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to attack the guy and then run?
george: No, I think I just ran away.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're taking the disengage action.
george: Sure, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, otherwise he can… he gets an attack of opportunity, right?
george: English.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep. Alright. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer… Okay, these bugbeers charge in… Screaming, you know… You know, he's like, screaming… Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: And so, battle enrages, Calmer doesn't want to see the results, he guys are over here, you're in the air… you slam the door behind you in the air temple. Unfortunately, everybody's favorite white is here looking at you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, that guy.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Zoom.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's, let's get rid of these guys.
Kostadis Roussos: And that's a character sheet.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's add the white.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Calmer walks in, sees the white, and says, you know what, I'm done.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm, like, done, you know what?
Thomas Kolivakis: It's like…
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Done.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's gonna cast Turn Undead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, spells.
Kostadis Roussos: Actions.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm gonna channel a divinity… And I'm going to turn Undead.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so I must have made, this is DC15, same throw.
Kostadis Roussos: He succeeds in… he succeeds in his saving throw, so what happens if he succeeds?
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer's like, This is not fair!
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, what happens if I fail?
Kostadis Roussos: Guided stroke.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, that did not work. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, this didn't work. Alright, okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that for Europe?
Kostadis Roussos: Zephyr.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you guys don't have to fight it, you can.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I was thinking.
Kostadis Roussos: you guys can just run right into the secret passageway, and climb up, right? I mean…
Kostadis Roussos: You can take the dash action.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I can, pistol him and then dash.
Kostadis Roussos: What'd you say?
Thomas Kolivakis: Pistol him, and then dash.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll, roll to hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: 22.
Kostadis Roussos: That is a hit.
Thomas Kolivakis: 10 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just make sure he doesn't have any special resistances.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, 5 damage, actually, because he's resistant to piercing damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Thomas Kolivakis: And then I dash.
Kostadis Roussos: You dash, alright, so I'm going to declare you as… U dash.
Kostadis Roussos: You climb up, and you are gone. Alright. Sequoia.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna dash?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Xenia, you gonna dash?
Kostadis Roussos: George.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna dash or not?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you're dashing as well.
Kostadis Roussos: The wraith sees Comer and says, well, one of you is going to die today.
Kostadis Roussos: But… not me, explains Calmer, whose armor class is 20, and he dashes.
Kostadis Roussos: Commer's in a really furious frame of mind, and he hates undead, so…
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to try one more time to kill this creature, because he hates it with such an abiding and pure passion.
Kostadis Roussos: Shadow Divinity once more time… You just turn undead…
Kostadis Roussos: The creature once again resists him, but so he just rushes there. As he's rushing by, the wraith gets another attack on him.
Kostadis Roussos: This time… It does 16 points of damage, and Calmer is… is down by 16.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie.
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Xenia.
Kostadis Roussos: The Wraith, seeing Calmer run, laughs at him hysterically.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll a perception check, Zephyr.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia Xenia.
Nicholas Roussos: Give me one sec.
george: 15.
Kostadis Roussos: Wood?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you got a 15?
george: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. So, you, you, you,
Kostadis Roussos: Notice the door to the east?
Kostadis Roussos: Opening and closing, as if somebody's watching to see what's going on.
Kostadis Roussos: Like this door over here?
Kostadis Roussos: As you scramble upstairs. Alright, you scramble upstairs. Let's see. So, the way this is gonna work is options will be presented to you, and you can choose to do things or not. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay…
Kostadis Roussos: Really barricade.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: As you rush upstairs.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's place the burning.
Kostadis Roussos: As you go out here.
Kostadis Roussos: All of a sudden, the temple itself seems to be at war with each other, with itself.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so as you… as the… as you guys scramble out there, a stray fire bolt hits you.
Kostadis Roussos: Attacks you, attacks one of you, D4.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, it attacks… 1, 2, 3, 4, Xenia. No, not Xenia. 1, 2, 3, 4, Colmer. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: It does. 8 points of damage on the calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Commerce, like, owl?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, do you want… so, the battle is raging over here, so… but, like…
Kostadis Roussos: I presume you guys want to go look around what's going on?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Why is the battle here?
Kostadis Roussos: What? Oh, I haven't moved everybody, that's why.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm going to put a token, just so you guys know where the battle is, let me just put this…
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, much easier if I do something else.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me just…
Kostadis Roussos: Night.
Kostadis Roussos: So, I'm just gonna… Is it not turning for me today?
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys see where it says Battled Raging over here?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yup.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so…
Kostadis Roussos: There's random monsters, don't pay attention to where everything is right now, just assume there's magical monsters enraging and…
Kostadis Roussos: Battles all over the place.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. See what else happens here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, where… as you… where do you… where do you… tell me where you guys go.
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait this out.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, but, like, over here is not exactly the best place to wait it out.
Thomas Kolivakis: go to our territory.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna go to your territory?
Kostadis Roussos: as you… You're gonna go sort of here to wait it out, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… Alrighty… As you… Come down here, you see a big blast of steam erupt over here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Over what?
Kostadis Roussos: Blast esteem.
Thomas Kolivakis: We'll go check it out.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, coming from the east, do you want to go check it out?
Kostadis Roussos: Not the east, the… yeah, east to east, alright. So the blast of steam comes from over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive here, and what do you see?
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… you stagger…
Kostadis Roussos: You stagger into a chamber where raging steam blurs.
Kostadis Roussos: Actually, no, that is not what happens, you're right. So, that is…
Kostadis Roussos: Which you… no, never mind. Alright, so you're just gonna sit here and wait this out.
Kostadis Roussos: Is that what I'm hearing? Or do you want to explore what's going on on the second level?
Thomas Kolivakis: We're not gonna check on the steel?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry, I was… I was mistaken over that. It was my mistake.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, so let's fade it all.
Kostadis Roussos: You're going to…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: As you sit there and wait it out, you can hear the battle raging,
Kostadis Roussos: The battle rages in the background. You don't want to explore what's going on downstairs to see what's going on, you're just gonna let them all fight it out and leave it for them.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The obsidian edge is done… are you gonna stay in here, or are you gonna go to the main command area?
Kostadis Roussos: to the temple.
Nicholas Roussos: Will it go down?
Kostadis Roussos: No, no, I mean, like, like…
Kostadis Roussos: Like, so you… so the battle is raging, and just as it's raging, to your horror, Apparently…
Kostadis Roussos: a group… Several group… several…
Kostadis Roussos: The acrid… as you're staying… as you're staying in your room, you hear… can smell the acrid stench of ghouls.
Kostadis Roussos: Coming, coming down from, from the south.
Nicholas Roussos: We want a dip?
Thomas Kolivakis: I will stay in defender territory.
Kostadis Roussos: You're gonna stay in defend your territory?
Thomas Kolivakis: I know.
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe lock the two doors.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me just see, what is AM?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright… Pack of four ghouls.
Kostadis Roussos: Seems to… the pack of four ghouls has,
Kostadis Roussos: Is appearing… is a… is a,
Kostadis Roussos: There's some ghouls over here.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm coming here to, to scavenge for dead bodies.
Kostadis Roussos: Colmer's kind of gotten into his bloodlust right now, and apparently clerics of St. Cuthbert hate ghouls.
Kostadis Roussos: So, he's, he's going to… He's going to,
Kostadis Roussos: He's going to attack if the rest of you don't, so…
Kostadis Roussos: he's kind of gotten into is, like, I'm going… these are ghouls, I hate ghouls, I hate undead, I'm going to attack, attack, attack.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm just looking.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you can try to persuade him not to, right? I mean, he's not unpersuadable, but…
Thomas Kolivakis: Can, can Sequoia, like, set a trap here?
Thomas Kolivakis: Running the door. I don't know how that works, Willie.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, you want to set a trap? Like, what would you like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, and then.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, like, what type of trap?
Thomas Kolivakis: Like, if they open the door, like, I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: So you could set a trap that'll make the terrain difficult so they can't move fast. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: And then we could stay, like, around here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: Pun will do.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me… so, Sequoia sets up a trap. I'm gonna assume that was what he was doing there.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, can you roll your, sleight of hands?
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: your role?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'm gonna roll.
Kostadis Roussos: It doesn't matter, they rolled a 1. Alright, the trap has sprung.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. The acreage stench of the gay grows overpowering. From shadow niches in the walls, cronk figures with clothed hands lurch into the fray, their guttural growls echoing through the corridor. Apparently, they smelt.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look at them, you realize that these ghouls are not just average ghouls, but they are
Kostadis Roussos: They look eerily like recently dead members of the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that…
Kostadis Roussos: All of these evil clerics are starting to use necrotic spells to raise the monsters from the dead.
Thomas Kolivakis: But, Aren't they supposed to be, like, fighting upstairs?
Kostadis Roussos: well… Who raised them is an interesting question, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe we should go find that guy?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, yes, but right now you have a more basic problem.
Thomas Kolivakis: Which is?
Kostadis Roussos: They're about to attack you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So, role for initiative?
george: Oof.
george: 8.
Kostadis Roussos: 8.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, Pier 19.
Kostadis Roussos: I don't know.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it doesn't get an advantage of that.
Kostadis Roussos: No, you should not be getting rid.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so he's got a 6. I don't know why I decided it was a 20, but it should have been a 6. All right, okay, that's what the goals and initiatives are. Zephyr, what did you roll?
Thomas Kolivakis: 19.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, what's your initiative?
Nicholas Roussos: E. Jean…
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, commerce is a little bit easily.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a 9… Alright, Xenia Initiative?
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia.
george: Sweet.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, Zephyr, you're up first.
Thomas Kolivakis: Are they already inside?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, the door opened, so this guy… these two are inside.
Thomas Kolivakis: And since they're impaired, I have a sneak effect.
Kostadis Roussos: I think because you're an assassin and they haven't moved, you get to attack first.
Kostadis Roussos: You get advantage on your attack.
Thomas Kolivakis: Wow.
Kostadis Roussos: You have the assassin ability.
Thomas Kolivakis: Stallison? What is that again?
Kostadis Roussos: So…
Thomas Kolivakis: Let me just check.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Additional 6 damage.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so you have advantage, that so means you get sneak attack.
Kostadis Roussos: And you add 6 more points of damage. Does that make sense?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, yeah.
Thomas Kolivakis: So… What's this here?
Kostadis Roussos: Fortunately, it's 12.
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright, I make it.
Thomas Kolivakis: For 7, plus…
Thomas Kolivakis: So… 21 plus 6, 27 damage.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you kill this thing. How did you attack it?
Thomas Kolivakis: With my dagger?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so you're over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: And I could do my second attack on the one.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to do that, or do you want to disengage?
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe disengage.
Kostadis Roussos: Excellent.
Thomas Kolivakis: And hiking.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you're up.
Nicholas Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: The creature goes.
Nicholas Roussos: Could Filbert be there for Sneak Attack?
Thomas Kolivakis: I think you have sneak attack.
Kostadis Roussos: They are…
Nicholas Roussos: I don't.
Kostadis Roussos: You don't?
Nicholas Roussos: There's nobody's next to it.
Kostadis Roussos: You look to call… Right now, no, there's nobody next to it, so you, you can,
Kostadis Roussos: Prepare an action when a columnar moves in, or you can, like, prepare.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, I'm gonna put it in action, cause I…
Kostadis Roussos: So when Xenia… when Xenia moves to attack, you can… you can use your prepared action then. Does that make sense?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, but you only get one action. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer's like, I hate zombies. I hate undead.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: And he's like… This will work this time, so he uses his.
Thomas Kolivakis: Third.
Kostadis Roussos: Channel Divinity, because Calmer really hates undead.
Kostadis Roussos: This time… they all fail. And so what happens? They also take 48 worth of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: So they take… they're all… they take… they take 4d8 worth of damage.
Kostadis Roussos: And…
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Let me undo lots of work.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, you can use your melee attack if you want on one of the creatures. You're a… you're a sneak attack.
Nicholas Roussos: My bell, you mean?
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, you're both.
Nicholas Roussos: That one, the one right next to Comer, and…
Kostadis Roussos: It dies.
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay. The ghouls, having been turned, flee.
Kostadis Roussos: some calmer.
Kostadis Roussos: Palmer's like, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes! Die, you pieces of… And he starts cursing them.
Kostadis Roussos: He goes, this is how the power of… he's like, you're starting to realize calmer's going a little bit on the nutso job side.
Thomas Kolivakis: Bummer, it's okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Con, like… Comer, you realize… Roll a religion check. Everybody roll a religion check?
Thomas Kolivakis: China.
Nicholas Roussos: 21.
george: 17.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, you remember that priests of St. Cuthbert are priests of war, so this is kind of like Calmer's natural religious element.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you want to go take a look at what's going downstairs to go see whether you can…
Kostadis Roussos: help tilt the battle, or do you want to let the three… the factions fight themselves? You do know that if,
Kostadis Roussos: The… the earth and the air temple is a little bit… is a little bit more powerful than the… the fire and water temples are a little bit more powerful.
Kostadis Roussos: But you can just stay around and say, you know what, not my problem.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, yeah, if we pick someone to win, so… And be complicit.
Nicholas Roussos: What do we want to do after this? Like, alright, they all kill each other, so what?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, so you guys should probably…
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, who's… who's a big leader?
Nicholas Roussos: We could try going into the Deep Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: We want to go see what's going on in the Deep Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: I mean, you could use this as an opportunity to explore the bottom temple, right? I mean, they're all fighting, this is as good a time.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, that's what I was saying.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so… Palmer says, let's all take a short rest.
Thomas Kolivakis: Or at least…
Kostadis Roussos: I will take a short rest.
Kostadis Roussos: He ends up till 23, he can only heal himself 23, so… Right.
george: Unless you healed on a short rest.
Kostadis Roussos: It depends on how many healing dice you want to use.
Kostadis Roussos: So when you go to short rest, it's got a bunch of squares. You can use up to 6 of those dice to heal yourself.
george: Poor.
george: Very human.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
george: That ain't hear me, so I'll just roll the taste.
Thomas Kolivakis: Very heel.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You go down?
Kostadis Roussos: To the second floor again, I presume?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody's favorite wraith is staring at you again.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hello?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So it's, initiative.
Kostadis Roussos: His initiative is 13.
Thomas Kolivakis: Thank you, Paul.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, let me see what Commerce Initiative is…
Kostadis Roussos: All right, so Palmer's… so the rest of you can all, palmer's initiative is 18.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, Sequoia, Xenia, do you want to re-roll your initiative, please?
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: And Zephyr, if you don't mind re-rolling your initiative?
Thomas Kolivakis: Roll it.
Kostadis Roussos: Yep, everyone.
george: I have 11.
Thomas Kolivakis: I had 24.
Kostadis Roussos: So, Xenia, you rolled on 11, is that what I heard?
george: Yet.
Kostadis Roussos: Sequoia, what is your initiative?
Nicholas Roussos: One sec… 25.
Kostadis Roussos: 25. Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the clangor of the main battlefield.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, sorry, never mind. Okay, so you guys got initiative. Which way do you want to go?
Kostadis Roussos: This is the… this is where you saw somebody opening and closing the door. Do you want to explore this way? Down here is where the battle is raging.
george: Okay.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, sure.
Thomas Kolivakis: But don't… don't I want to go to the deep temple?
Nicholas Roussos: Dad, order food.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, yeah, well, the deep temp… you don't know how to get to the deep pimple, remember?
Thomas Kolivakis: Is… do you just go downward?
Nicholas Roussos: I wonder if it…
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, I'm… can I… can I let you guys care?
Nicholas Roussos: Bye, bye.
Kostadis Roussos: Give me a second to order food for Nick.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, Jesus.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Tell your mom I've ordered the food.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, food has been ordered.
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah, yeah, yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so, you go down this way, yes?
Kostadis Roussos: The clangor of the main battlefield fades as you push deeper into the tempter's dimly lit corridors. Here, the air is strangely chill, and the stone floors splittered with signs of hurried looting. Broken buttles, beckles, discarded bits of armor, blood that leads nowhere.
Kostadis Roussos: Faintly, you glimpse figures with long ears and punched postures, goblins and gulls, dragging weapons and bags of coin through the walls.
Kostadis Roussos: An unsettling silence prevails, broken only by the occasional metallic clatter echoing deeper into the temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Hmm?
Kostadis Roussos: Assuming…
Kostadis Roussos: In fact… which you hear… Is… you get the faint sense that there's a secret door somewhere nearby.
Kostadis Roussos: Rule your investigations.
Thomas Kolivakis: Were you worried right now?
Kostadis Roussos: On the second level? Are you… did I not put you there? Oops, sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: Sorry, my bad.
Kostadis Roussos: So you heard goblins.
Kostadis Roussos: Dragging, you know, you came down this corridor, you saw lots of dead bodies.
Kostadis Roussos: You… and then, just as you walked in here, you heard the sound of goblins scurrying.
george: I will ask for investigators.
Kostadis Roussos: And as you… and just… I just… as I reread the, description, I realized I did it wrong.
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm… What you see as the goblins?
Kostadis Roussos: Escape… go down this secret door over here.
Kostadis Roussos: Do you guys see the secret tour?
Kostadis Roussos: You're seeing us? Good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Roll an insight check.
Thomas Kolivakis: Insights.
george: 25.
Kostadis Roussos: Right, so what you gather is these… these are probably allies of the…
Kostadis Roussos: of the, air… this is… so, huh?
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, so… so… so Kelnow, who everybody has been laughing at, has been sending his goblins to collect dead bodies. Does that make sense?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: To scavenge the dead bodies.
Kostadis Roussos: So now you realize that even Kelno, the Eric Temple cleric who's been, you know, who's a bit of a wimp, has decided he's going to, he's gonna be involved in this fight.
Thomas Kolivakis: So… We've done a good job.
Thomas Kolivakis: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: So all four temples are now involved in that.
Thomas Kolivakis: So, perfect for us to go down to the lower temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, first you have to find a way to it, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You arrive in this hallway.
Kostadis Roussos: This area of the dungeon…
Kostadis Roussos: Soon
Kostadis Roussos: This huge, echoing hall was evidently once the scene of great rebels celebrating the triumphs of the temple.
Kostadis Roussos: The floor of the place is littered with skeletons, skulls, and bones of various… and various humanoids. Here and there are parts of broken chairs, stools.
Kostadis Roussos: Tables, benches, sideboards, buffets, cabinets, and cases. Much of the wreckage has probably been carried off for firewood.
Kostadis Roussos: Tapestries and trophies still remain on the walls and spots. The former show scenes of raiding, looting, pillage, and violence. Trophies include mummified heads, torn battle standards, hides and skins, battered shields, sundered armor, and a broken broadsword.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, that was just too funny. Dozens of empty crescents and sconces line the walls, the broad steps in the middle of the north wall are of dull black stone, and the descending stairs seems most depressing and horrible.
Kostadis Roussos: Though passable.
Kostadis Roussos: And it's just at this point in time.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: You see a battle, you see a fight emerging.
Kostadis Roussos: You see a fight pop, you see, like, bleh. As you… as you make this turn.
Kostadis Roussos: This area here bursts into scalding steam.
Kostadis Roussos: So… You see that over there, to your right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Are the people you're playing?
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Are the people fighting?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, there are people fighting there. You can go and join the fight, or you can, you can continue
Kostadis Roussos: You can ignore it. What would you like to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Ignored.
Thomas Kolivakis: I'm going north.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so to the north where you see these two passageways over here? Yeah. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: There's also… hold on, let me just make sure you know this.
Kostadis Roussos: You see this pa… you see these stairways going down? Excuse me.
Kostadis Roussos: So we're going to the north over here, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Okie dokie,
Kostadis Roussos: I'm assuming you're taking the Northwest Passage, is that correct?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright…
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: You see a passage… You see a passage going north and a passage going east and west.
Kostadis Roussos: Detroit, would you like to go?
Thomas Kolivakis: North?
Nicholas Roussos: North, yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, as you go north.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay, not yet, alright. Okay, so you go north…
Kostadis Roussos: You go north, and just as you're going north.
Kostadis Roussos: You once again find yourselves caught between the water and fire temples fighting.
Kostadis Roussos: Another area of scalding steam.
Kostadis Roussos: You can… this time, you see in front of you, as you're looking, as you sort of observe this fight going on, they don't seem to be paying any attention to you.
Kostadis Roussos: It's another… it's a…
Kostadis Roussos: You stagger into an area where raging steam blurs shapes. Two fire snakes coil around glowing…
Kostadis Roussos: Vince, and a wounded salamander stomps the floor, hurling fire at four water gargles that snap and retaliate.
Kostadis Roussos: You… you can… you can choose to attack them, or just, sneak around another way.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, I wonder… Steal one guy.
Thomas Kolivakis: with my skim system.
Kostadis Roussos: Well, stealing one guy is kind of tricky. You can try to kill all but one, you can wait for the fight to go in some direction, or you can move around, or you can try to steal one guy. I mean, it's totally possible. I'm just… it's gonna be tricky.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna have to tell me how you plan to steal him.
Thomas Kolivakis: Where's the fight?
Kostadis Roussos: Since you guys want to…
Kostadis Roussos: Do any… does anybody else have any ideas? Sequoia.
Nicholas Roussos: No?
Thomas Kolivakis: I wanna find one guy and ask him where the deep tempo is.
Kostadis Roussos: So, you notice that these are not humans.
Kostadis Roussos: So let's see if any of them speak common.
Kostadis Roussos: Does anybody here speak Primordial?
Nicholas Roussos: Nope.
Thomas Kolivakis: Speak goblin.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, well, so you can't speak to the gargoyles.
Kostadis Roussos: That's a problem.
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm.
Kostadis Roussos: Basically…
Kostadis Roussos: These are just monsters, they're not particularly intelligent, so you could… so they're… they're… they're… they're fighting each other, and
Kostadis Roussos: Unless you have some way to speak with,
Kostadis Roussos: The gargoyle, the fire snakes…
Thomas Kolivakis: Alright.
Thomas Kolivakis: This plan is done.
Thomas Kolivakis: Britain.
Kostadis Roussos: Go down to the south?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Thomas Kolivakis: Maybe… Yeah, go to them, so…
Kostadis Roussos: Go down to the south.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: As you go down to the south.
Kostadis Roussos: So, environmental things happen every so often, right, just so you guys… just so you guys are aware of it.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see…
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, see what happens on… let's see what happens.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Steam erupts and blinds you.
Kostadis Roussos: It'll last for a round, so…
Kostadis Roussos: You can use this as a moment to go through the door.
Kostadis Roussos: You can use it to go through the hot sideway to the southeast. What would you like to do?
george: What are the options?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, Southeast.
Kostadis Roussos: Southeast, you can either go through the door that's right in front of you, or you can go to the southeast. What would you prefer?
george: I gotta probably sell these now.
Kostadis Roussos: Northeast?
george: Not too.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, which way would you like to go?
Thomas Kolivakis: Just loops back. Alright, let's go back north.
Kostadis Roussos: To Northeast or Northwest?
Thomas Kolivakis: Northeast.
Kostadis Roussos: Northeast.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, there's a passageway to the north, I presume you keep going north?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: There's a passageway… as you go north, you see a passageway to the east. Do you go in… do you go through that passageway, or do you keep going north?
Thomas Kolivakis: Keep going north.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's in that area, just to make sure that you decide to go through there, but it… does it decide to let you go through there?
Kostadis Roussos: I'm sorry.
Kostadis Roussos: As you look… as you're going past there, you suddenly realize that there are a bunch of prisoners in this chamber.
Thomas Kolivakis: That's good, we could talk to them.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: So you're gonna go talk to them?
Kostadis Roussos: Alrighty…
Kostadis Roussos: Hmm… A group of chain-fit prisoners huddle against the wall, their eyes widen with terrors.
Kostadis Roussos: As they… as you enter the room.
Kostadis Roussos: And they're like, one of them says, please, please don't leave us to die! They tremble in their shackles, bloodied.
Kostadis Roussos: And desperate.
Kostadis Roussos: You realize that these are more sacrificial prisoners for the Fire Temple, and the Earth Temple, or the Water Temple. You don't even know whose temple these prisoners are for.
Kostadis Roussos: You also look around and realize this is probably not where they were kept prisoner, but somebody brought them here as potential sacrifices.
Kostadis Roussos: things to be turned into undead monsters. You're not quite sure what the goal is, but keeping them here may or may not be a good thing. Plus, on top of everything else, they've now seen that you're sneaking around.
Thomas Kolivakis: are they human?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes, they're human.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay, then… Can I ask them about the… The deep temple?
Kostadis Roussos: You asked them about the Deep Temple. Alright,
Kostadis Roussos: Let's see, roll… roll A, let me see what happens,
Kostadis Roussos: All but one of them has… has use… has no idea what you're talking about.
Kostadis Roussos: Wildlife.
Thomas Kolivakis: 1. Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: Yes. One of them, though, says, I know about the Deep Temple, but I'm only going to talk if you let… if you get me out of here.
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: You can roll an insight check to see if he's lying.
Kostadis Roussos: Investigation, so any one of you can roll insider investigation. Xenia, since you're a spy, you gain an advantage on the interrogation.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah, that's initial ask.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: Senior should ask.
Kostadis Roussos: Xenia, or Xenia can watch, if he's lying. Go for it, Xenia.
george: A watch.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, roll in… roll in investigation? To see as it's been… See if he's lying.
Kostadis Roussos: With Advantage?
george: As to execution.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Or Insight, whichever one is better.
george: Oh, insane. I'll do insane soon.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
george: 24.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, he's not lying, he knows something about the Deep Temple.
george: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: But he's only gonna talk if you free him. On the other hand, you can try to intimidate him, or…
Thomas Kolivakis: I'll break his shackles.
Thomas Kolivakis: But we'll have them cornered.
Kostadis Roussos: Break the shackles or lock the pick? I mean, those are different… I mean, to just try to open the… just try to unlock the shackles.
Thomas Kolivakis: book.
Thomas Kolivakis: Can, Sequoia with his sleight of hand.
Thomas Kolivakis: opens up.
Nicholas Roussos: Yep.
Nicholas Roussos: 27.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, the guy is free. The other four prisoners look at him and say… start screaming, what about us, what about us?
Thomas Kolivakis: You'll have your turn. Give me 2 seconds.
Kostadis Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: The prisoner looks at you, and, says…
Kostadis Roussos: Looks at the fact that he's free, sees that he's surrounded by four very desperately and bloodstoned
Kostadis Roussos: deigned adventurers.
Kostadis Roussos: Who are currently looking like members of the Earth Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: And just says, looks at you and says, the deep temple?
Kostadis Roussos: What do you want to know about the Deep Temple?
Thomas Kolivakis: How do you get there?
Kostadis Roussos: He starts laughing.
Thomas Kolivakis: Why are you laughing?
Kostadis Roussos: Because nobody wants to get to the Deep Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Everybody wants to not… not ever be near the Deep Temple, but… since you asked…
Kostadis Roussos: What is… where is the entrance to the Deep Temple?
Kostadis Roussos: Mmm.
Thomas Kolivakis: Good question.
Kostadis Roussos: What? Asked the GM.
Nicholas Roussos: Let's see how effective this AI companion is.
Kostadis Roussos: Which AI companion?
Nicholas Roussos: there's one built into Zoom.
Kostadis Roussos: Oh, really?
Kostadis Roussos: Boom.
Kostadis Roussos: Can't remember how to get to it. It's kind of stupid.
Nicholas Roussos: Wow, it actually got it correct.
Kostadis Roussos: Goodness.
Nicholas Roussos: Oh, it actually did, it actually did it correct.
Kostadis Roussos: What did it do?
Nicholas Roussos: I just asked it to summarize what happened so far, and it actually got what happened so far.
Kostadis Roussos: Really?
Nicholas Roussos: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright.
Kostadis Roussos: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: So, the guy explains that he was once a member of the Fire Temple… I'm sorry, Air Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: And that Kelno
Kostadis Roussos: I knew of a secret door inside of the air temple that would lead to the Lower Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: And so, he says, if you,
Kostadis Roussos: If you get him to where he needs to go, he'll show you exactly where it is. So you guys can do that, or you can rely on your insight and investigation to find it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Wait, what?
Kostadis Roussos: You can either ask him to point it out, he can either show you where it is on a map, because basically he's trying to get out of here, right?
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: So, let me give you some options. One option is, he tells… he's… you can tell him… you can scare… try… you can put a knife to his throat and say, tell us where it is, right? You don't really have that many options.
Kostadis Roussos: Right?
Kostadis Roussos: The other option is, you can tell him that, you know, the, that the Air Temple needs his services, and he should go rejoin them.
Kostadis Roussos: Right? There's an all-out war between all the temples. A third option is…
Kostadis Roussos: you can… kill him right there, he is an evil cultist. Like, what do you want to do?
Thomas Kolivakis: Well, you told us where it is, right?
Kostadis Roussos: Well, he hasn't… he's told you vaguely where it is. You know it's inside of the Air Temple, this… inside of the Air Temple, but where exactly, you're not sure. I mean, you can do an investigation to find it, but it's up to you.
Thomas Kolivakis: Oh, and we have to lead us there.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you gonna try to intimidate him?
Thomas Kolivakis: And by, by intimidating.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, who wants to do the intimidation? Is it… do you want to try it, or does somebody else want to try it?
Thomas Kolivakis: You have sugar.
george: I don't have a good temptation.
Kostadis Roussos: Nick, what's your intimidation?
Nicholas Roussos: Also, not that good.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, and Calmer's is not that good, so Sequoia…
Nicholas Roussos: Zero.
Kostadis Roussos: But, Zephyr, go for it.
Thomas Kolivakis: Of course.
Thomas Kolivakis: intimidation.
Thomas Kolivakis: I don't wait.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: I kinda rolled through at the same time, for some reason. Wait, let me see which one is first.
Thomas Kolivakis: 4.
Kostadis Roussos: What?
Thomas Kolivakis: poor.
Kostadis Roussos: he looks at you and says, I was threatened by Alrum with, you know, to…
Thomas Kolivakis: Do you have advantage or no?
Kostadis Roussos: someone can… calmer tries to help you by looking very terrifying.
Thomas Kolivakis: 19.
Kostadis Roussos: He kinda… he kinda… he laughs. He says, I guess I would be pushing my luck if I insisted for more help, wouldn't I?
Thomas Kolivakis: Yeah.
Kostadis Roussos: Yeah, it goes.
Kostadis Roussos: Well… My mother never raised… didn't raise me to be a fool. Alright, so here's the secret door.
Kostadis Roussos: To the Greater Temple.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright. Do you see the Greater Temple wording over there?
Thomas Kolivakis: Create a ticket.
Kostadis Roussos: Nope.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yep.
Kostadis Roussos: Should… you should see a secret door in a greater temple, yeah?
Kostadis Roussos: I will make it a little bit more obvious.
Kostadis Roussos: See the green red… did you see the green… no, that's… that's all gonna confuse you guys, this one.
Kostadis Roussos: Let's, let's pick something… Pink. There. Can you see the pink writing?
Kostadis Roussos: Next to the Air Temple.
Thomas Kolivakis: Yes, yes, yes.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so that's… there's a secret door there that you now know about, and you can now go down. Alright, and we're out of time for today.
Nicholas Roussos: Right.
Kostadis Roussos: Alright, so next week, next week, just so you know, we're gonna start off with, you have this information, but, you realized Commer, you know, the battle was raging desperately, and
Kostadis Roussos: Harch somehow found you with an Earth Temple Guard and has now dragged you into a meeting
Kostadis Roussos: With the big army upstairs.
Nicholas Roussos: Okay.
Thomas Kolivakis: Nope.
Kostadis Roussos: I'm just saying this happens during the week, does that make sense? So that next week we'll start with the second phase of the battle?
Thomas Kolivakis: Okay.
Kostadis Roussos: After a long rest, okay?
Kostadis Roussos: Yes.
Thomas Kolivakis: Aye.
Kostadis Roussos: By the… alright, take care, guys.
Kostadis Roussos: Are you guys having fun with this? Is this enjoy- are you guys enjoying this? Alright, good.
Kostadis Roussos: You like this kind of dynamic encounter?
Thomas Kolivakis: I see the graded pimple now?
Kostadis Roussos: Right? Okay, cool. Take care, guys. Thank you. By the way, I just want you to know, I'm having a lot of fun, too, in case I don't say that. I, like, really look forward to this, and I spent a lot of time on this, and so I'm really thankful for you guys joining me every week, and I've been having a lot of fun, so thank you.
george: Thank you. Bye.
Thomas Kolivakis: Thank you.